>1 . In your own words, explain single-page applications and progressive web apps.

A: Single-page applications are pretty much what they are called. Web pages that have multiple pages can be navigated via one page instead of loading new pages. A Progressive Web App or PWA is an application that has several benefits, both from a development standpoint and a user experience standpoint. From the developer standpoint, development of the application is more efficient. The real benefit is from the user experience though. Applications will load fast regardless of the network speed. According to the Google Developers site, PWAs use a pre-caching method which allows users to continue using the application even though there is virtually no network. According to the same network, users who experience a lag of 3 seconds or more are likely to abandon the app due to slow speeds. PWAs have helped bridge this gap.

>2 . Either from your research or by inspecting popular sites you frequent (using the Chrome DevTools), give some real-world examples of applications built with React and Angular.

A: Some popular sites like Facebook, Instagram and Netflix are built with React. One site that got me excited was the LEGO site which is built with Angular. What surprised me though was that Netflix was built with both React and Angular, at least according to several blogs I came across.

>3 . Write a summary of the benefits of React vs. Angular. Then ask your mentor about the current state of web development, and ask questions about how they use these two popular technologies in their work.

A: This is a difficult comparison because everything I have researched regarding the benefit comparisons seems to be bias based. In other words, using one over the other is a preference or project based. Given that Angular is a framework, there is simplicity in using Angular for a project. Developers are provided a guide and a frame to work with. In the article on Medium [Angular vs React vs Vue: A 2017 Comparison](https://medium.com/unicorn-supplies/angular-vs-react-vs-vue-a-2017-comparison-c5c52d620176) Angular is a "batteries included" approach, which means you can begin working right away. React is a library, so there is much more research needed to begin. React is universally flexible (along with Vue, but the question doesn't ask about Vue). React seems to be flexible overall because of how the libraries can be used. An issue with React looks to be that there is little guidance, but that could also be a benefit because there are no hard lines to be drawn which allows for more flexibility. 

I read a recently published article, [React vs Angular vs Vue: What to choose in 2018](https://medium.com/@TechMagic/reactjs-vs-angular5-vs-vue-js-what-to-choose-in-2018-b91e028fa91d), and in the article, they detailed the pros and cons of each. Angular and React are both lightweight and will allow easy, efficient development. Angular is two-way data binding while React is one-way. This allows React to allow less changing and more strength within development of classes. 

I an honestly say I am more interested now in learning React and Angular than I have ever been. I spoke with my mentor, Andrew, and we discussed in depth how React and Angular are making web development better for the future. Both seem easy enough to begin and hold a lot of power in creating one page applications. I can't wait to get started!
